[Dashboard] Enable Readiness and Liveness probes configurations (#3609)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/tasks/configuring-a-platform.md

    customSensitiveFields:
    - "^/spec/triggers/.+/url$"
```

<a id="liveness-probe"></a>
### Liveness probe
Liveness probe is a configuration of [`v1.Probe`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.23/#probe-v1-core) type.<br/>

> In general, Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, a Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic.<br/>
```

Author: Done - [link](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3609/commits/5727aaaae3a54530ac5e6f7b062371246ca41a1d#diff-7bdefe69e6e60251426254ab1277d1eeca88b58f9d4dfbf995b57392bbe8f724)

In particular, the liveness probe is used to check if the function is alive and should be restarted if it is not.<br/>

> For more information - [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/).<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, [check out the Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/).<br/>
```

Author: Done - [link](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3609/commits/5727aaaae3a54530ac5e6f7b062371246ca41a1d#diff-7bdefe69e6e60251426254ab1277d1eeca88b58f9d4dfbf995b57392bbe8f724)

Example:
```yaml
  livenessProbe:
    initialDelaySeconds: 30
    timeoutSeconds: 5
    periodSeconds: 10
```

<a id="readiness-probe"></a>
### Readiness probe
Readiness probe is a configuration of [`v1.Probe`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.23/#probe-v1-core) type.<br/>
In general, Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic.<br/>
In particular, the readiness probe is used to check if the function is ready to receive traffic.<br/>

> For more information - [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/).<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, [check out the Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/).<br/>
```

Author: Done - [link](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3609/commits/5727aaaae3a54530ac5e6f7b062371246ca41a1d#diff-7bdefe69e6e60251426254ab1277d1eeca88b58f9d4dfbf995b57392bbe8f724)
